I discovered a long time ago that if I helped enough people get what they wanted, I would always get what I wanted and I would never have to worry.
The shoe that fits one person pinches another; there is no recipe for living that suits all cases.
Life is the art of drawing sufficient conclusions from insufficient premises.
A Penny Saved is a Penny Earned
No one has ever become poor by giving.
Whoever is happy will make others happy too.
A very little key will open a very heavy door.
So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past.
Be the change that you want to see in the world.
If you want something you've never had you must be willing to do something you've never done.
As a matter of fact is an expression that precedes many an expression that isn't.
The ladder of success is best climbed by stepping on the rungs of opportunity.
Let my soul smile through my heart and my heart smile through my eyes, that I may scatter rich smiles in sad hearts. 
He who loses wealth loses much; he who loses a friend loses more; but he that loses his courage loses all.
Stop acting so small. You are the universe in ecstatic motion.
There are two things a person should never be angry at, what they can help, and what they cannot.
The future depends on what you do today. 
You are what you do, not what you say you'll do.
The worst part of success is trying to find someone who is happy for you.
Do Something. If it works, do more of it. If it doesn't, do something else.
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance you must keep moving.
FEAR has two meanings: 'Forget Everything And Run' or 'Face Everything And Rise.' The choice is yours.
A man, as a general rule, owes very little to what he is born with - a man is what he makes of himself.
In matters of style, swim with the current; in matters of principle, stand like a rock.
If you do what you've always done, you'll get what you've always gotten.
You are not only responsible for what you say, but also for what you do not say. 
Just because you are happy it does not mean that the day is perfect but that you have looked beyond its imperfections.
Every adversity, every failure, every heartbreak, carries with it the seed of an equal or greater benefit.
We take care of the future best by taking care of the present now.
Don't Let Yesterday Take Up Too Much Of Today.
The world doesn't always give you want, but it often gives you what you need.
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take.
Words are the clothing of our thoughts.
If you go out looking for friends, you're going to find they are very scarce. If you go out to be a friend, you'll find them everywhere.
Freedom lies in being bold.
Time heals what reason cannot.  
Do all things with love.
If you done it, it ain't bragging.
Far and away the best prize that life has to offer is the chance to work hard at work worth doing.
The less people know, the more stubbornly they know it.
If you want to be successful, find someone who has achieved the results you want and copy what they do and you'll achieve the same results.
The world only exists in your eyes. You can make it as big or as small as you want.
I discovered a long time ago that if I helped enough people get what they wanted, I would always get what I wanted and I would never have to worry.
Only by attracting the best people will you accomplish great deeds.
Circumstances do not make the man, they reveal him.
Be of good cheer about death, and know this of a truth, that no evil can happen to a good man, either in life or after death.
Don't let someone else's opinion become your reality.
The way of success is the way of continuous pursuit of knowledge.
Whatever you do in life, surround yourself with smart people who'll argue with you.
Get busy living, or get busy dying.
Even though you are on the right track - you will get run over if you just sit there.
I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness because it shows me the stars.
Better to die fighting for freedom than be a prisoner all the days of your life.
Nothing you do is going to matter that much in the long run. Don't take yourself so seriously.
Where there is no struggle, there is no strength. 
The sun shines upon good and bad alike.
Bless are the curious for they shall have adventures.Difficult roads often lead to beautiful destinations.
Don't settle, and don't struggle.
A single act of kindness throws out roots in all directions, and the roots spring up and make new trees.
Know the rules well, so you can break them effectively.
This is the real secret of life - to be completely engaged with what you are doing in the here and now. And instead of calling it work, realize it is play.
Difficulties strengthen the mind, as labor does the body.  
If you pick up a starving dog and make him prosperous he will not bite you. This is the principal difference between a dog and man.
Coming together is a beginning, staying together is progress, and working together is success. 
